If you want to design an effective study,
you need to clearly separate the goal of
your study from how you will measure its success.
For example, a video streaming site might have
the goal of improving its recommendation engines performance.
But what does that actually mean for the engine to show good performance?
There's a lot of ways you could consider measuring this.
One way is through the amount of time that each user spends watching videos.
Another might be to check the ranking of the video that the user clicks on first,
or perhaps it makes sense to record the number of
times that the user performs a search with the engine.